
Color&Theme

  I'm going to use orange for the header and footer and black for the body blackground and peal(F8F5BE) for the content black ground as a website theme colour.

Homepage 
	contain my briefly expanation about my passion in software engineer career,a little bit on my background(education and working expereince), a little bit of my information(who I am),and what I wanna do by teeling my life story.

About me
	contain detail information of my self regarding my resume.

Project Gallery
	contain the project that I have done successful and proud to show of, provide some information and brifly expannation about the functions in each project including images from the project.

Contact
	contain my contact informations: phonenumber,email account, linkdin account, and etc.

Homepage content

	Hi I’m Ittipon or you can call me Bob. I’m from Bangkok, Thailand. I moved to the United States 4 years ago for my master's degree. 

	As an Androideveloper experience that I have had before. Back in Thailand, the first company that I worked for is a software house company. I joined them in the junior level Android developer position. In this company was so busy but it's good for me. In the first month of working, I have to handle 2 main jobs and 1 maintained, and it is due in 4 months later as my probation. With that hardworking, I have to collaborate with my team and that makes us get closing so fast. Finally, we passed the probation together and work together for 2 years. We created so many software within that time, I think it's more than 15 systems (website, mobile app, backend side, our own APIs) my first job was really benefited me, growing me a lot in terms of software development, working as a team, how to handle multi-project, time handling, and being a good person.

I would like to make software that creates a huge impact for people and the World. That is why I joined my second company which is the research and development center of my hometown. After I have done some project for them, I realized that my knowledge was not enough, so I choose to do my master and planning to find a job in the state to open my eyes, exploew the World, learn to be better, and also as I mentioned, to follow my goal that I would like to create very useful software for people and the World.	

like&dislike
1. http://workdiary.de/
	header section: just contained 2 text of name and Title
	body section: they declaire it name's as main which contained a paragraph and javascript for animation.
	footer section: contained content by using h2 tag and ul li list tag 
	like: animation, theme, color
	dislike: less information, non-notify the link to another pages, unclaify.

2.https://tractorbeam.com/
	hearder section: contaion information and link to others pages for more information
	body section: class entry content section inner thin contained more about picture(.gif)
	footer section: contained the footer information
	like: design, responsive, navigationbar when it is on the phone screen.
	dislike: header section following when user scrolling down, some of picture not click able, the feature clickable on the post section(in body tag) should link to a new page or 	maximize full page
3.http://bobgalmarini.com/?portfolio
	like: responsive,nice color&theme, navigationbar when it is on the phone screen.
	dislike: logo should be more on the left hand size, submenu should be more on the right handsize, put someting on the emptyspace on the header section instead of take logo and submenu closer together