 Hi guys, my name is Bob, I would like to introduce you guys to one of my many hobbies which is "MOBA Game"

MOBA gaming is one of catagories of game, which MOBA is stand for Multiplayer online battle arena and each player controls a single character as part of a team competing against another team of players.

Nowsaday their are so many kind of MOBA games that very famous and the one that I play is called "AOV" arena of valor. However, in this article Iam not going to talk about the game, but I would like to talk about How do the gamers brain get benefit.




Ten years ago most people believed that video game addiction was not different from
drug addiction. It did not give any benefit to people who play the video games. In addition, it destroyed
health and brain of the gamer, and it could be better to spend that time to prepare themselves for
working or studying. It was what the old generation people believed. Nowadays, many
researchers have done their research and found that playing a game can improve human IQ.
Furthermore, researchers have found that playing video games can heal depression. Moreover,
game addiction can create good gamers who can gain many benefits from playing game by so many ways such as
getting a job in gaming career, earn money, or even be popular

E-sport player is similar to professional soccer player who plays and practices soccer
every day. As e-sport has become a famous sport. It is similar to soccer, basketball, boxing, and
tennis. For example, according to Jay Eum(CEO of TransLink Capital) said: “only 2013 e-sport
world championship final had 71 million people watched this match compared with NBA 2014
final which had only 18 million people watched.” Because of E-sport become a famous sport, so
e-sport player can earn as much as money like another kind of sport players.
Moreover, if an e-sport player has some good techniques or is a good entertainer, he or
she can become famous in the online world. And it is affected in the real world because almost
all people in the world do everything in the online world. The fact that makes the online world
and the real world really close to be the same especially in term of communication. So it will not
be surprising if someone famous in the online world can be famous in the real world also.
In addition, to become a rich, e-sport players have many ways to be a rich man. As a
mentioned above, a lot of people have interesting in games. It creates many choices for the

gamer to earn money. For example, e-sport player can create their own video clip and publish it
on YouTube, and when it becomes famous some sponsor going to deal with them. Olatunji is a
good example in this case he published his clip video on YouTube, and he has got almost 9
million followers and watched his video. After that many companies deal with him. He earned a
lot of money, and he makes more enough money for buy penthouse and supercar much as much
he wants.
In conclusion, nowadays playing a game is not a foolish activity anymore. Gamer can
find a job, can earn money, and can be famous same as another sport players. However, playing
games can cause health problems. So, if gamers want to be healthy person, they should have
excellent time management not only spending time in front of the computer for playing a game,
but they have to have a normal life time for their family, friends, and another activity. That will
helps them to win in game and win in life.

